then he called out in my hearing with a
then he called out in my hearing with a loud voice let those who have charged
loud voice let those who have charged
loud voice let those who have charged over the city draw near each with a
over the city draw near each with a
over the city draw near each with a deadly weapon in his hand and suddenly
deadly weapon in his hand and suddenly
deadly weapon in his hand and suddenly six men came from the direction of the
six men came from the direction of the
six men came from the direction of the upper gate which faces north each with
upper gate which faces north each with
upper gate which faces north each with his battle axe in his hand one man among
his battle axe in his hand one man among
his battle axe in his hand one man among them was clothed with linen and had a
them was clothed with linen and had a
them was clothed with linen and had a writer's inkhorn at his side they went
writer's inkhorn at his side they went
writer's inkhorn at his side they went in and stood beside the bronze altar now
in and stood beside the bronze altar now
in and stood beside the bronze altar now the glory of the God of Israel had gone
the glory of the God of Israel had gone
the glory of the God of Israel had gone up from the cherub where it had been to
up from the cherub where it had been to
up from the cherub where it had been to the threshold of the temple and he
the threshold of the temple and he
the threshold of the temple and he called to the man clothed with linen who
called to the man clothed with linen who
called to the man clothed with linen who had the writer's inkhorn at his side go
had the writer's inkhorn at his side go
had the writer's inkhorn at his side go through the midst of the city through
through the midst of the city through
through the midst of the city through the midst of Jerusalem and put a mark on
the midst of Jerusalem and put a mark on
the midst of Jerusalem and put a mark on the foreheads of the men who sigh and
the foreheads of the men who sigh and
the foreheads of the men who sigh and cry over all the abominations that are
cry over all the abominations that are
cry over all the abominations that are done within it to the others he said in
done within it to the others he said in
done within it to the others he said in my hearing go after him through the city
my hearing go after him through the city
my hearing go after him through the city and killed
and killed
and killed do not let your eye spare nor have any
do not let your eye spare nor have any
do not let your eye spare nor have any pity utterly slay old and young men
pity utterly slay old and young men
pity utterly slay old and young men maidens and little children and women
maidens and little children and women
maidens and little children and women but do not come near anyone on whom is
but do not come near anyone on whom is
but do not come near anyone on whom is the mark and begin at my century so they
the mark and begin at my century so they
the mark and begin at my century so they began with the elders who were before
began with the elders who were before
began with the elders who were before the temple then he said to them defile
the temple then he said to them defile
the temple then he said to them defile the temple and fill the courts with the
the temple and fill the courts with the
the temple and fill the courts with the slain go out and they went out and
slain go out and they went out and
slain go out and they went out and killed in the city
killed in the city
killed in the city so it was that while they were killing
so it was that while they were killing
so it was that while they were killing them I was left alone and I fell on my
them I was left alone and I fell on my
them I was left alone and I fell on my face and cried out and said haha
face and cried out and said haha
face and cried out and said haha Lord God will you destroy all the
Lord God will you destroy all the
Lord God will you destroy all the remnant of Israel in pouring out your
remnant of Israel in pouring out your
remnant of Israel in pouring out your fury on Jerusalem
fury on Jerusalem
fury on Jerusalem the iniquity of the house of Israel and
the iniquity of the house of Israel and
the iniquity of the house of Israel and Judah is exceedingly great and the land
Judah is exceedingly great and the land
Judah is exceedingly great and the land is full of bloodshed and the city full
is full of bloodshed and the city full
is full of bloodshed and the city full of perversity for they say the Lord has
of perversity for they say the Lord has
of perversity for they say the Lord has forsaken the land and the Lord does not
forsaken the land and the Lord does not
forsaken the land and the Lord does not see and as for me also my I will neither
see and as for me also my I will neither
see and as for me also my I will neither spare nor will I have pity but I will
spare nor will I have pity but I will
spare nor will I have pity but I will recompense their deeds on their only
recompense their deeds on their only
recompense their deeds on their only just then the man clothed with linen who
just then the man clothed with linen who
just then the man clothed with linen who had the ink worn at his side reported
had the ink worn at his side reported
had the ink worn at his side reported back I have done as you commanded me